doc: Use `async=1` flag in examples for posting a scheduled product (iso) (#4505)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/UsersGuide.asciidoc

[source,sh]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
openqa-cli api -X POST isos async=0 ISO=my_iso.iso DISTRI=my_distri \
         FLAVOR=sweet ARCH=my_arch VERSION=42 BUILD=1234 \

>          _DEPRIORITIZEBUILD=1 _DEPRIORITIZE_LIMIT=120 \

Reviewer: Given that we show the most simple examples already in before with - if you follow my suggestion - the default then I would be ok with explicitly repeating the default setting `async=0` as you do here

Author: Removed it in the simpler examples.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> *NOTE* Use `async=1` to avoid possible timeouts by performing the task in background.
> This is recommended on big instances but has the disadvantage that the results (and
> possible errors) need to be polled via `openqa-cli api isos/$scheduled_product_id`.
> 

Reviewer: Please describe what the default behaviour is, corresponding to `async=0`. After that include your text. E.g.

```suggestion
*NOTE* By default scheduling products is done synchronously within the requests,
corresponding to the parameter `async=0`. Use `async=1` to avoid possible
timeouts by performing the task in background.
This is recommended on big instances but means that the results (and
possible errors) need to be polled via `openqa-cli api isos/$scheduled_product_id`.

```
